There is an illness that has become
quite a problem in recent years.
Dotten sickness.
Can anyone tell us what that is?
Look. That servant needs
to learn his place.
Is he trying to show off
how brilliant he is?
His employer is just as bad.
Imagine being from a background
like hers and needing to hire
a commoner to serve her.
No talking amongst yourselves, please.
All right, Gill.
Yes, sir.
Those with dotten sickness develop
spots all over their body
and then gradually waste away.
It's said to be not a skin condition,
but a visceral disease.
Because it's mainly seen in people
who live in the Degon River basin,
it's believed to be caused
by the river's water.
Since those living near the river
need to use its water to get by...
You've grown quite a backbone, Gill.
I can't waste time fretting
over little things like that.
That's a villainess's servant for you!
Reviewing your lessons? What
a diligent villainess.
Prince Duke...
That's what's so cute about Ali-Ali!
Yes, true.
A-Are you trying to ruin
my villainess image?!
You never know who might be
listening from somewhere...
You really are adorable.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the School Idol
So the poor water quality
of the Degon River
was caused by the rapid
development of Laval.
Yeah.
And since Durkis lies downstream,
we can't do much about it.
Even if we wanted to come
up with countermeasures,
our relationship with Laval
would make it difficult.
We have been looking into ways to deal
with dotten sickness here, but...
They say some wonder drug
for it exists in Laval.
It's a rare herb called maddi.
I remember reading about that in some book.
It only grows on the steep, rocky
precipices of northern Laval.
You know a lot about this, Gill.
They say the region of Durkis with the
highest infection rate of dotten sickness
is the village of Roana.
The village does lie downstream
of the Degon River, after all.
Unlike the outside world,
they have no doctors,
and hygiene is poor.
Most people who contract
it die pretty quickly.
I was looking into it in hopes
of finding a way to help...
And the wonder drug is only found in Laval.
You sure you don't want to stop Ali-Ali?
If you leave her to her own devices now...
Speaking in terms of my own ego,
I want Alicia to stay by my side.
But if I were to cage her like a bird,
she would no longer be the Alicia I know.
It's when she's flying freely
that she's the Alicia Williams I love.
Aww! You're just overflowing with love!
Oh...
What is it?
I think I left a book I meant to bring
on one of the library desks.
I'll go get it.
Huh?
I'm the villainess's servant, after all.
Okay, if you don't mind. I appreciate it.
I swear...
She's such a study bug.
Gill?
Liz Cather...
Do you have a moment?
What do you want?
Well... I'd like you to have
a study session with me, too.
Huh?
You're... well... from the
village of Roana, right?
Albert told me.
So I... erm... was hoping you
could teach me more about Roana.
Oh, that's right. You did
write in your essay
about how sorry you felt
for poor, pitiful Roana.
I hadn't given it enough
thought at that time.
I was only writing down my own ideals.
That's... why Alicia said those
things to me, isn't it?
I need to study more.
Like Alicia...
Please teach me about the people of Roana!
I want to know more! I want
us to understand each other!
The village is already working toward
freedom on its own, though...
Won't you please, Gill?
Sorry, but I don't think it'll be that easy
for outsiders and the villagers
to understand each other.
It may be difficult at first,
but I'm sure we can.
That's how it was for me, after all.
Having been born a commoner makes
me stand out in this academy.
I didn't fit in at first.
I was bullied, essentially.
But then I tried approaching
the bullies on my own.
Avoiding them forever wouldn't
bring us any closer, after all.
And now, we're all friends!
Liz...
I want you to be my friend, too.
I want to study with you and
write a better essay next time.
One that even Alicia and
Duke will agree with.
You can do it. I know you can.
Gill!
Duke...
What did you do?
Huh? What do you mean?
We were only talking...
Gill!
Let's go.
Huh? Okay...
Wait! We need to finish talking—
No need.
Duke...
Gill? That took a while.
Prince Duke?
Gill, did something happen?
Um... I'm not sure myself, actually...
He was acting weird, so I brought him back.
Well, thank you...
Gill, do you need to go home for the day?
I'm okay. I don't feel sick or anything.
Watch out for her.
Alicia...
See you later.
Huh?! Wai... buh... What?!
What did he mean by "be careful"?
What just—Where did he...?
Have you made progress on
the investigation I requested?
About whether the Saint is just
some puppet that everyone loves?
Progress isn't great, honestly...
What about the text in
the ancient language?
Uh... Haven't touched that one yet.
I can barely read any of it.
I'll look into that, too.
That... doesn't seem good...
I swear, that Prince Duke...
All I'm finding is more questions.
Laval...
There's the stuff about dotten sickness,
and there's the wolf they
sent after Liz, too.
It's all stuff I can't learn
about without going to Laval.
I want to know more.
Even about the world outside
the otome game's script.
After all, if I want to be a villainess
who goes down in history,
I need to have a solid
understanding of this world!
Exactly! And yet...
The only way to get to Laval is by
being exiled from the kingdom!
Then why not just commit
some really nasty crime?
A villainess who goes down
in criminal history?!
There must be a more peaceful way
to do it, like asking the king!
Alicia—
What's going on?!
Let's go see!
It's all...
It's all your fault, Alicia Williams!
You...
Curtis, I think you've got this.
Scissor... Scissor... Scissor...
Think she'll be gentle with me?
Yeah!
Okay!
This is way better!
No style at all... No style at all...
That seems unfair...
You looked great with the scissors!
Really?
Yep!
You look absolutely wretched.
Jane, was this your doing?
No!
It's your fault Carol
looks so pathetic now!
That doesn't make any sense.
After being by Miss Liz's side
for so long, I know very well
how she's been looking at you
with such foolhardy abandon
while you keep challenging Miss Liz.
You looked up to her, didn't you?!
Seeing you go starry-eyed over
a misfit like her makes me cringe!
What, did you want to be like her yourself?!
Like the way she humiliated
me in the past...
Did you want to do something
just like it for attention?!
You both made a fool out of me!
And that's why I—
I see now that this is just
resentment on your part,
but why resort to violence?
Because you know you'd never
win with words alone?
It's because just knowing that she
admires you makes me sick!
I'll bet you even grew out your
hair so you'd look more like her!
So much for that now!
You'll never be Alicia Williams!
This is too cruel.
She's the cruel one!
How can you stand there looking
like you don't even care
while someone who idolizes you
is going through this?!
Well, true. I really don't care.
Huh?!
Because if she really does look up to me—
if we both aspire to be
the same type of woman—
then she wouldn't be bothered
by a little spat like this.
Being hated is what makes
a villainess a villainess.
Did you all hear that?!
She doesn't care the least
little bit about Carol!
Even after this happened because of her!
This is not Alicia's fault!
The one who took those scissors
to my hair was you!
E-Excuse me?
S-Stop looking at me that way...
with those eyes that
look just like Alicia's!
Alicia...
Wh-What are you trying to pull?!
Alicia?!
Oh, look. Now we match.
Alicia, you never fail to surprise me...
I'll take that as a compliment.
It's so cute, it's infuriating.
Uh... O-Okay...
I wanted to be the first to see this!
How many times have I heard that this week?
Well, I just wanna say it over and over!
Because it just looks so
good on you, Ali-Ali!
Mel...
I finally get to replenish
my Ali-Ali reserves!
Master just kept giving me
more jobs to do, you know!
Mel!
Ooh, glaring daggers...
Anyway, I heard you let loose
with another Ali-Ali line!
Carol was so grateful!
Huh?
She's actually a relative of mine.
She was so happy when you
cleaned up her hair for her!
Snap!
I see.
I've been seeing more and
more girls with short hair.
Appraising them all?
No, I'm not.
I'm just saying that's the effect Ali had.
Even today...
There were so many people who just
hung all over Liz, and now...
Good for her.
Move it, you three!
This place belongs to Miss Liz and us!
If you're on Alicia's
side now, you can leave!
This rose garden is supposed
to be open to everyone!
Looks like there are still some
extreme devotees, though.
Now, now.
All this tension is ruining
your lovely faces.
Master Curtis!
Would you care to chat with me for a while?
No shame at all.
Still, for someone who
was so despised before
to change people's opinions
with raw talent...
Look, it's Alicia!
Even the people who were
devoted followers of Liz
seem to have started changing their minds.
But even if cutting your hair did
draw a lot of attention...
doesn't it seem weird?
Maybe I've started to develop
some evil charisma?
I was kidding.
Were you, though?
He's right. Can people's minds
really change so drastically?
Something's strange here.
Where do you get off playing the victim?!
Whose fault do you think it is that
even I've been pegged as a liar?!
Because of you, some people are
even starting to doubt Miss Liz!
You don't even have the right to
breathe the same air as Miss Liz!
Yeah!
What? You're crying now?
I know! Why don't you hide your tears
behind those shamelessly
long bangs of yours?
Tears and mud? You're absolutely filthy!
What a disgrace. Would you
just go away already?
My uniform!
It's on my face!
What a disgrace.
Why don't you just go away already?
You should really wash all that mud off.
Alicia!
What was that for?!
If you don't leave,
the next thing I send flying
might just be you three.
What a great villainess line!
What's the idea? Were
you trying to help me?
It's all your fault this
happened in the first place!
What? You brought it upon yourself!
Get out of here!
Just get out of here, now!
Stop it already!
If you want to cry, I don't think
there's any need to hold back.
I-I'm not crying! Don't patronize me!
Right. You think crying is
an admission of defeat.
But that's fine too, isn't it?
Frustration is what makes people grow.
Stay here until you feel ready to leave.
No one else will come in until then.
You're a pretty nice person, you know that?
Descriptors like that should
be saved for people like Liz.
I just didn't want to see
something so unpleasant.
If you say so...
This is...
Jackpot!